check-before-deployment: add selinux (#19703)
pingcap/docs: dm/quick-start-with-dm.md

This document describes how to migrate data from MySQL to TiDB using [TiDB Data Migration (DM)](/dm/dm-overview.md). This guide is a quick demo of DM features and is not recommended for any production environment.

> **Note:**
>

> > If your target machine's operating system supports SELinux, make sure that SELinux is **disabled**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If your target machine's operating system supports SELinux, ensure that SELinux is **disabled**.
```
